Hello everyone and welcome immediately
crazy team
hello monsters today we'll talk about wells and up
street view yes and go i like these
curiosity these strange photos or these
they are all photos taken by google cars
that the car that goes around taking pictures
all the streets more and there is a child
abandoned right in front of the store
by gucci
and there is also a monster near one
bicycle this is a photo of alcontres
instead a photo or a French street
if I'm not mistaken and this is really a
be creepy
but this is wonderful instead
beautiful lightning caught right
in the moment of falling on the earth that you
exactly wonder this is the shot
perfect timing perfect and there are
even the teeth of accidents with a
such wonderful panorama for example
I am not mistaken in the highlands
exact Scottish I'm better to do
incidents there and about landscapes
beautiful look here admire this
drunk nor on the bench and back of
completely senseless side but
these guys have their senses what the hell
I believe there is a costume party
here in these parts around here but it is
a place forgotten by god but no but come on
there are also Cinderella carriages
that go around the streets and
middle and who knows where no this is a
Marriage is fantastic but only a
angel of up
this is the new quarry a man called
horse but then the fact that she is
the fact that it drives me crazy that
google machine if it's not you
warns first and tells you look at that
tomorrow step to 4 to 6
so people are not that I could stand up
jokes are real scenes shot on
world in reality is a cage of fools and
therefore there are crazy personal sheets
concerning these two or look
this guy on very strange thing
bicycle and with very close first
nine hundred in guinho what brings weight to
me it seems a pd there is also a little guy
recommendable I believe with a gun in
hand approaching threatening towards the
google car you learn to take pictures
from pious father the lace this however
it looks like rock record cover instead
lots of zero is true is very much
interesting a bit creepy but
never like this water we are in japan
here we are in Japan this group of
people who have been photographed themselves are
get caught by google cars in
but these are the men edition then
There are these Pizzini
this field that we do not know we are
doing exactly but don't speak a little
fear indeed some photos a little minimal
first no
and then this for example a tiger
stray people who did not happen to
meet the bible maximum advantage is
the town plan days in a
city ​​centre
and then this evident curious one
this is the cleaner
google car because every so often the
google car or what i know
from the media they are always around for
boys will be this example
alien ticket to the sun will have been a
man before drying up after being
a little too high you're gold and le
scenes of everyday life a man with one
mace that drives away a bone in front of one
caravan
no the same the brash because he has
made the bad one done
wow
this scenario a little bit poetic though
zac the butterfly what the bag a
blown masca gazata or in
an explosion in this building
pigeon poop explosion but
I think it's about never
and there are those who escape from prison from
fantastic and try to reach the car
maybe to get a lift e
this is a picture we can't get at
this is a meaningless photo like
lots of things we can see in
around but it looks like a laser cannon no but
I think it was made by the drill's arrow
cha cha of cupid rai has the face of
who proposed defects to this
kind of locked things up
begins a lady who gave birth to the fact
says on the street and the google car like the
best relative you can dream of and
tac yellows to do photography is
guys never a world things happen
strange happen right now like
this bus hangs in the balance between her friend giulia
Please don't try to bring it back
back and voila we leave you with it
perfect shot is the whole picture taken
the ideal time is a photo read one
a crazy plastic let's say and we don't
it remains to greet you to send you back to
next video always on videopazzeschi
tv and then join the channel thanks
for sign-up views
for comments and for flowers for thanks
arioli team the risks thanks to the flowers e
if you want to give us money the iban
obviously you find it in descriptive
Hello